Freeze-thaw spells statistics (#716)
Ouranosinc/xclim: HISTORY.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* `atmos.corn_heat_units` computes the daily temperature-based index for corn growth.
* New indices and indicators for `tx_days_below`, `tg_days_above`, `tg_days_below`, and `tn_days_above`.
* `atmos.freezethaw_frequency`, `atmos.freezethaw_spell_mean_length`, `atmos.freezethaw_spell_max_length`, statistics on spells of doubly-thresholded temperatures (Tmin < T1, Tmax > T2).

Internal Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* `run_length.rle_statistics` now accepts a `window` argument.

> * Common argument to parameter `op` now have better adjective and noun formattings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Common arguments to the `op` parameter now have better adjective and noun formattings.
```
